Improvements to Docs for new contributors (#19344)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/devel/contributing.rst

in community work, or get "pre-review" on your PR.

.. _new_contributors:

Issues for New Contributors
---------------------------

> New contributors should look for the following tags when looking for issues.
> We strongly recommend that new contributors tackle issues labeled
> `good first issue <https://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/labels/good%20first%20issue>`_
> as they are easy, well documented issues, that do not require an understanding of
> the different submodules of Matplotlib.
> This helps the contributor become familiar with the contribution
> workflow, and for the core devs to become acquainted with the contributor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While any contributions are welcome, we have marked some issues as
particularly suited for new contributors by the label
`good first issue <https://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib/labels/good%20first%20issue>`_
These are well documented issues, that do not require a deep understanding of
the internals of Matplotlib. The issues may additionally be tagged with a
difficulty. ``Difficulty: Easy`` is suited for people with little Python experience.
``Difficulty: Medium`` and ``Difficulty: Hard`` are not trivial to solve and
require more thought and programming experience.
```

3. Clone this copy to your local disk::

      git clone https://github.com/<YOUR GITHUB USERNAME>/matplotlib.git

4. Enter the directory and install the local version of Matplotlib. For more
   detailed instructions on doing this see ref`<installing_for_devs>`::

      cd matplotlib

>       pip install -ve . 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      pip install -ve . 
    
    NOTE: `-e` flag would make your installation 'editable', such that your work is always
    in sync as the installed version. For more details see [ref](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/reference/pip_install/#install-editable).
```

Author: I think this resolved by entirely deferring this to the standalone dev install page

>       pip install -ve . 

Reviewer: This is only half the truth. It's important to set up a dedicated environment (venv or conda) for development and do the editable install there. Otherwise people will corrupt their standard python environment.

I suggest not giving any details here but completely deferring to ``:ref:`installing_for_devs` ``.
